
cwalkley25@gmail.com
Attachments
Dec 16, 2019, 10:54 AM (1 day ago)
to me

Hello!

I am a Bot. This email contains the weekly DPU Double Check. Attached 
should be an excel worksheet.

  This bot will run twice per week.

  On Monday morning, this bot will scan for new dockets without an AAG 
(note: this means sheets 4,5, and 6 will be empty)

  On Friday morning, this bot will scan for Briefs and Orders (note: this 
means sheet 3 will be empty).

  This bot has error messages programed, if you see or suspect an error, 
please reach out.

   As a reminder, see below for a description of each sheet containted in 
this email:

  1) Record_of_All_Dockets_with_an_AAG is a running record of dockets that 
an AAG has intervened in. This record is updated weekly. It is not reset 
weekly, but continuously updated each week. However, the record currently 
does not take into account if an AAG removes themselves from a case.

  2) Record_of_All_Dockets_No_AAG is a running record of dockets that do NOT 
have an AAG. This record is updated weekly. It is not reset weekly, but 
continuously updated each week.

  3) New_Weekly_Dockets_Without_AAGs is a once weekly list of new dockets 
that do not have an AAG. This record is current only for the week of this 
email. A week runs Wednesday to Wednesday.

  4) Weekly_New_Briefs is a once weekly list of new AGO Briefs. This record 
is current only for the week of this email. A week runs Wednesday to 
Wednesday.

  5) Weekly_New_Orders is a once weekly list of new Orders by the DPU. This 
list will contain any order, regardless if an AAG has intervened on the 
case. A week runs Wednesday to Wednesday.

  6) Weekly_New_Orders_With_AAGS is a once weekly list of new Orders by the 
DPU. But this list only contains Orders if an AAG has intervened on the 
case. However, the bot determines if an AAG is in appearance by 
cross-checking the Record_of_Dockets_with_an_AAG and thus, will only be 
accurate as time goes on and the list of cases on this record grows. A week 
runs Wednesday to Wednesday.

  -If you have any questions, please feel free to email me or my creator at 
cwalkley25@gmail.com

  -If you notice any errors, issues, or problems, please also email me, or 
to my creator, so that problems can be addressed.

  -If you want to request any features or new data, please reach out.

  This concludes the weekly DPU Double Check. Stay tuned for future updates!

  Thank you,
//DPU Double Check BoT//
